guess who it is me oh so I'm right now
I'm one of my bitchy ranting modes and
you know what that means time to bring
out the cam cam so today we're going to
talk about that annoying ass duck face
that girls do in their pictures now the
first time I sold it up well somebody
please explain to me why the bug my
phone goes off every single time I try
to make a damn video seriously why does
it go off thank you anyways now the
first time I saw the duck face this was
like back in 2006 I remember it like
clear as day may seeing some girl do
that shit it was like on MySpace or
something and I remember thinking to
myself right when I saw it like what the
fuck are you doing with your face so
then it became like one of these damn
popular trending fads and everybody got
into and now people are finally starting
to realize how stupid it looks and
everybody's hating on it like me I don't
know who told you it is but that shit is
not cute okay you look like you sucked
on the warhead and then kiss a vacuum
cleaner hose I it's like if I wanted to
go see a damn duck I would go to a pond
or something every time I see a girl do
with Doug face I just want to be like
hmm punch them lips back in there you
know I'll tell you what next time i see
on my freaking news feed on facebook a
big girl doing the duck face pose do you
know what i'm going to do you have any
idea what I'm going to do I'm going to
simply and peacefully comment hey bitch
and I mean that should teach him you
know I mean that's called killing the
dogs that's how we get rid of them so
girls and gay guys when you do the duck
face that shit does not look sexy sexy
sure sure okay you look like a day of
reverie re-read so I am officially
establishing an end to all duck faces in
the world people who do that it's done
okay and next time
you see it do what I do to my little
keyboard a few seconds ago thank you
guys for watching I hope you learned a
very valuable lesson like who the fuck
does that stupid shit